welcome to my review edition on the pro
drive and shramana Ross
be sure to first check out my other
review about the octane gasoline so you
have an understanding why I chose to
review the 2.5 piping to start things
off to say my piece the 3 inch catback
exhaust on a double your XL very awesome
with this very deep box of Rumble that
many drivers and joy for me to favor the
2.5 exhaust piping has nothing against
people that chose to go with a 3-inch
Archy the very first exhaust
modification that I had experience was a
3 inch catback which was then blitz your
spec racing now for anyone that
experienced a double your ex with a 3
inch catback that hasn't had this ECU
tune knows it creates a very horrible
turbo lag in the low rpm and just takes
quite a bit of time for the RPM to reach
the point where the turbo fix it by the
time that comes usually the traffic
light stops us or somewhere the driver
cuts in suddenly and once again waiting
for the RPM to climb back up it is just
annoying ok so you're probably thinking
well if you run a 2 inch catback of
course you need it to the ECU first so
we can get the low rpm back yes that is
true however the cost to achieve the
components is this something that most
people can just come up with and even if
the ECU is tuned these days a lot of
peace officers target loud of your
actions more than ever not a great
feeling to have invested all that cost
in a 3h catback having a tune and in the
end receive exhaust fix-it ticket
therefore and substitution of not having
to spend cost on that gear and tap that
or to even cure the ECU swapping out the
stock axleback with a aftermarket 2.5
inch piping
improve faster spool up as well as low
range to mid-range rpm the prodrug is
probably one of the best grant in
aftermarket parts for the subaru WRX
switching the 2.5 inch round tip style
or the homo tip style more choice to
give the dog grabs a drawn a sporting
look over the stock exhaust without
looking too aggressive like most 3-inch
tap apps out there that draws bat
attention
the only problem with the pull drive
exhaust is for anyone that is used to
the boxer Rimbaud sell that the PN's
produces might be disappointed how
silent the CodeRed can be you still get
the deep grumble sound on the low RPM or
rather brave muffles down most of the
time it feels like have me on the stock
exhaust because the pro drive is so
quiet so for anyone that doesn't want to
draw too much attention around the Negro
drive makes a great choice the stroma is
the exhaust I favor because while it
delivers the same performance as opposed
I does in addition the sound is a little
bit louder compared to the crow drive
but still very sweet eagle you can
definitely hear a rumble more clearly
with the windows down
not to mention wide open throttle the
sound is awesome
like the pro drive the stroma also comes
in two different styles a single chip as
well as a dual tip the future actually
looks very similar to the stock do tip
except when I had to measure the stromal
tip it's one inch bigger compared to the
stock one
so whatever the true choice you go with
both are great exhaust on a WRX so check
them out yourself well this wraps up my
rant about the 2.5 exhausts I hope you
enjoyed this review so I would like to
finish off with a clip of my dog Rex
with a strong do chip enjoy and see you
on the streets